OSDOCS-2831: OVNK and gatewayConfig (#40293)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-operator-cr.adoc

|====
// end::policy-audit[]

.`gatewayConfig` object
[cols=".^2,.^2,.^6a",options="header"]
|====
|Field|Type|Description

|`routingViaHost`
|`boolean`
|Set this field to `true` to send egress traffic from pods to the host networking stack.

> For highly-specialized installations and applications that rely on manually configured routes in the kernel routing table, you might want to route egress traffic to the host networking stack.

Reviewer: Not sure if we want to mention the hardware offload part, but it that feature is not documented at all, then maybe it doesn't make sense to be included.

Author: @tssurya , not urgent, but I just added the interaction with the OVS HW offload.  (I thought I already did that and I thought I already asked you to review.)

I synced with Chris T on the customer-facing name for the HW offload feature.  Please let me know if I've goofed the interaction.

Reviewer: ack thanks Mike! its looking good to me

The default value is `false`.

|====

ifdef::operator[]

> NOTE: You can only change the configuration for your cluster network provider during cluster installation, except for the `gatewayConfig` field that can be changed after installation.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
NOTE: You can only change the configuration for your cluster network provider during cluster installation, except for the `gatewayConfig` field that can be changed at runtime as well.
```
